README.md, before:

# conduction-theme

Conduction's design tokens theme

## Changelog

- **Version 1.1 (breaking changes from 1.0.x)**

  - 1.1.29:
    - Added Calender tokens to all themes.
    - Added Utrecht checkbox tokens to all themes.
    - Added spotlicht-section tokens to all themes.
  - 1.1.28: Added Gooise Meren theme.
  - 1.1.27: Updated logo in Zupthen theme.
  - 1.1.26: Updated logo in Roosendaal theme.
  - 1.1.25: Added Roosendaal theme.
  - 1.1.24: Updated logo in Dimpact theme.
  - 1.1.23:
    - Added utrecht Calendar and Checkbox tokens to Leiden theme.
    - Updated Leiden theme.
    - Updated logo in Open-Webconcept theme.
  - 1.1.22:
    - Added skip-link tokens in all themes.
    - Added focus tokens in all themes.
    - Refactored all font-sizes from px to rem in all themes.
  - 1.1.21: Fixed minor css parse errors.
  - 1.1.20: Updated Open-Webconcept logo.
  - 1.1.19: Fixed hex color code in Open-Webconcept theme.
  - 1.1.18: Removed empty variables in all themes.
  - 1.1.16 / 1.1.17: Updated Open-Webconcept logo.
  - 1.1.14 / 1.1.15:
    - Added postinstall to package.json.
  - 1.1.13:
    - Updated Sloterburg primary color.
    - Updated Conduction form-input placholder color.
    - Removed dist folder from all themes.
  - 1.1.12: Added dist folder to all themes.
  - 1.1.11: ReAdded Zuiddrecht theme.
  - 1.1.10: Removed Zuiddrecht theme.
  - 1.1.9: Removed warnings in Zuiddrecht theme.
  - 1.1.6 / 1.1.7 / 1.1.8: Added Zuiddrecht theme.
  - 1.1.5: Added Gouda theme.
  - 1.1.4:
    - Added disabled Button tokens in all themes.
    - Updated Navigation tokens in all themes.
  - 1.1.2 / 1.1.3: Added Sloterburg theme.
  - 1.1.1: Added Zutphen theme.
  - 1.1.0: Removed old Conduction, Leiden and XXLLNC theme files.

- **Version 1**

  - 1.0.62:
    - Updated themes to NL-Design repo.
    - Added publiccode.
  - 1.0.61: Updated OpenCatalogi theme tokens.
  - 1.0.60:
    - Removed opacity token from tooltip tokens in all themes.
    - Added OpenCatalogi theme based on Rotterdam theme.
  - 1.0.59: Updated radio-button tokens in Rotterdam theme.
  - 1.0.58: Added radio-button tokens in all themes.
  - 1.0.57: Added navbar to logo tokens in all themes.
  - 1.0.56:
    - Added DownloadCard tokens to all themes.
    - Added Checkbox tokens to all themes.
    - Added DataBadge/Badge tokens to all themes.
  - 1.0.55: Added CommongGround theme.
  - 1.0.54:
    - Added ToolTip tokens to all themes.
    - Added OpenCatalogi Rating tokens to all themes.
  - 1.0.53: Added Conduction Logo tokens.
  - 1.0.52:
    - Updated table tokens for Noordwijk theme.
    - Added Footer content tokens to all themes.
    - Updated breadcrumb tokens for Conduction theme.
  - 1.0.51: Added mobile tokens to footer-background-image in all themes.
  - 1.0.50: Updated select tokens in all themes.
  - 1.0.49: Updated Table-row hover color in Noordwijk theme.
  - 1.0.48: Updated Page-Footer tokens in all themes.
  - 1.0.47: Updated Pagination tokens in all themes.
  - 1.0.46:
    - Added border-collapse to table in all themes.
    - Added table row hover and updated footer in Epe theme.
  - 1.0.45: Updated card-header border-bottom width for Epe theme
  - 1.0.44:
    - Updated card-header border bottom and logo with in Epe theme.
    - Updated font-sizes in Noaberkracht theme.
    - Added table row hover color in Noordwijk theme.
  - 1.0.43: Updated breadcrumb tokens and added navigation tokens to all themes.
  - 1.0.42: Added Utrecht Separator tokens to all themes.
  - 1.0.41: Added Dimpact theme.
  - 1.0.40: Added Open Webconcept theme.
  - 1.0.39: Added breadcrumb tokens to all themes.
  - 1.0.38:
    - Added table-wrapper-tokens to all themes.
    - Updated tabs tokens in all themes.
  - 1.0.37: Updated all themes to correct way of working.
  - 1.0.36: Added Badge-counter and Tabs tokens to all themes.
  - 1.0.34 / 1.0.35: Rotterdam theme fix.
  - 1.0.33: Added Rotterdam theme.
  - 1.0.32: Added Pagination tokens for: Conduction, Dinkelland, Epe, Leiden, Noaberkracht, Noordwijk, Tubbergen and XXLLNC.
  - 1.0.31: Added surface tokens to all themes.
  - 1.0.30: Added Noaberkracht theme.
  - 1.0.29:
    - Added extra select tokens to all themes.
    - Updated table tokens in noordwijk theme.
    - Updated card-header tokens in epe theme.
  - 1.0.28: Fixed conduction-card-header tokens for epe theme.
  - 1.0.27:
    - Added conduction-card-header tokens in all themes.
    - Updated conduction-card-wrapper tokens in all themes.
  - 1.0.26:
    - Added Noordwijk theme.
    - Updated conduction-card-wrapper tokens in all themes.
  - 1.0.25:
    - Updated prefix of card tokens from `utrecht` to `conduction` in all themes.
    - Moved all custom tokens from Conduction directory to utrecht/extra-tokens directory.
    - Added readme to all themes.
  - 1.0.24:
    - Updated page tokens in all themes.
    - Updated list tokens in all themes.
    - Updated table tokens in all themes.
    - Updated card tokens in all themes.
  - 1.0.23: Added Epe theme.
  - 1.0.22: Updated footer and header logo's for xxllnc, Leiden and Dinkelland themes.
  - 1.0.21:
    - Added custom header and footer logo code to all themes.
    - Set custom icon code from Utrecht to Conduction directory in all themes.
    - Set custom textbox and form-input code from Utrecht to Conduction directory in all themes.
    - Set custom alert code from Utrecht to Conduction directory in all themes.
    - Fixed blockquote tokens not building for xxllnc and Leiden theme.
  - 1.0.20:
    - Set color tokens of all themes in ascending order.
    - Added Dinkelland theme.
  - 1.0.19:
    - Added build all command.
    - Removed unused dist folders.
  - 1.0.18:
    - Added gitingore.
    - Added Tubbergen theme.
  - 1.0.17:
    - Removed gitignore.
    - Fixed alert warning colors in xxllnc theme.
  - 1.0.16: Added Leiden theme as JSON format.
  - 1.0.15: Added Conduction theme as JSON format.
  - 1.0.14: Added xxllnc theme as JSON format.
  - 1.0.13: Added secondary button styling for all themes.
  - 1.0.12: Implemented Select Single styling in xxllnc and Leiden.
  - 1.0.11: Fixed typo and added page-content-background-color token to Conduction theme.
  - 1.0.10:
    - Added document-backgroundcolor to all themes.
    - Added buttonIconGap token to Conduction and Leiden themes.
    - Added formField, cards and Conduction overwrite tokens to Conduction and Leiden themes.
    - Added link-text-decoration tokens to xxllnc theme.
  - 1.0.9: Added buttonIconGap token to xxllnc theme.
  - 1.0.8: Added formField, cards and Conduction overwrite tokens to xxllnc theme.
  - 1.0.7: Added button tokens to all themes.
  - 1.0.6: Added xxllnc theme.
  - 1.0.5: Added page-max-inline size to Conduction theme.
  - 1.0.4: Added Leiden theme.
  - 1.0.3: Updated sizes.
  - 1.0.2: Added Aldritch font.
  - 1.0.1: Added Conduction theme.

Commit message:

Updated logo from url to data: in all themes

README.md, after:

# conduction-theme

Conduction's design tokens theme

## Changelog

- **Version 1.1 (breaking changes from 1.0.x)**

  - 1.1.30: Updated logo from url to data: in all themes.
  - 1.1.29:
    - Added Calender tokens to all themes.
    - Added Utrecht checkbox tokens to all themes.
    - Added spotlicht-section tokens to all themes.
  - 1.1.28: Added Gooise Meren theme.
  - 1.1.27: Updated logo in Zupthen theme.
  - 1.1.26: Updated logo in Roosendaal theme.
  - 1.1.25: Added Roosendaal theme.
  - 1.1.24: Updated logo in Dimpact theme.
  - 1.1.23:
    - Added utrecht Calendar and Checkbox tokens to Leiden theme.
    - Updated Leiden theme.
    - Updated logo in Open-Webconcept theme.
  - 1.1.22:
    - Added skip-link tokens in all themes.
    - Added focus tokens in all themes.
    - Refactored all font-sizes from px to rem in all themes.
  - 1.1.21: Fixed minor css parse errors.
  - 1.1.20: Updated Open-Webconcept logo.
  - 1.1.19: Fixed hex color code in Open-Webconcept theme.
  - 1.1.18: Removed empty variables in all themes.
  - 1.1.16 / 1.1.17: Updated Open-Webconcept logo.
  - 1.1.14 / 1.1.15:
    - Added postinstall to package.json.
  - 1.1.13:
    - Updated Sloterburg primary color.
    - Updated Conduction form-input placholder color.
    - Removed dist folder from all themes.
  - 1.1.12: Added dist folder to all themes.
  - 1.1.11: ReAdded Zuiddrecht theme.
  - 1.1.10: Removed Zuiddrecht theme.
  - 1.1.9: Removed warnings in Zuiddrecht theme.
  - 1.1.6 / 1.1.7 / 1.1.8: Added Zuiddrecht theme.
  - 1.1.5: Added Gouda theme.
  - 1.1.4:
    - Added disabled Button tokens in all themes.
    - Updated Navigation tokens in all themes.
  - 1.1.2 / 1.1.3: Added Sloterburg theme.
  - 1.1.1: Added Zutphen theme.
  - 1.1.0: Removed old Conduction, Leiden and XXLLNC theme files.

- **Version 1**

  - 1.0.62:
    - Updated themes to NL-Design repo.
    - Added publiccode.
  - 1.0.61: Updated OpenCatalogi theme tokens.
  - 1.0.60:
    - Removed opacity token from tooltip tokens in all themes.
    - Added OpenCatalogi theme based on Rotterdam theme.
  - 1.0.59: Updated radio-button tokens in Rotterdam theme.
  - 1.0.58: Added radio-button tokens in all themes.
  - 1.0.57: Added navbar to logo tokens in all themes.
  - 1.0.56:
    - Added DownloadCard tokens to all themes.
    - Added Checkbox tokens to all themes.
    - Added DataBadge/Badge tokens to all themes.
  - 1.0.55: Added CommongGround theme.
  - 1.0.54:
    - Added ToolTip tokens to all themes.
    - Added OpenCatalogi Rating tokens to all themes.
  - 1.0.53: Added Conduction Logo tokens.
  - 1.0.52:
    - Updated table tokens for Noordwijk theme.
    - Added Footer content tokens to all themes.
    - Updated breadcrumb tokens for Conduction theme.
  - 1.0.51: Added mobile tokens to footer-background-image in all themes.
  - 1.0.50: Updated select tokens in all themes.
  - 1.0.49: Updated Table-row hover color in Noordwijk theme.
  - 1.0.48: Updated Page-Footer tokens in all themes.
  - 1.0.47: Updated Pagination tokens in all themes.
  - 1.0.46:
    - Added border-collapse to table in all themes.
    - Added table row hover and updated footer in Epe theme.
  - 1.0.45: Updated card-header border-bottom width for Epe theme
  - 1.0.44:
    - Updated card-header border bottom and logo with in Epe theme.
    - Updated font-sizes in Noaberkracht theme.
    - Added table row hover color in Noordwijk theme.
  - 1.0.43: Updated breadcrumb tokens and added navigation tokens to all themes.
  - 1.0.42: Added Utrecht Separator tokens to all themes.
  - 1.0.41: Added Dimpact theme.
  - 1.0.40: Added Open Webconcept theme.
  - 1.0.39: Added breadcrumb tokens to all themes.
  - 1.0.38:
    - Added table-wrapper-tokens to all themes.
    - Updated tabs tokens in all themes.
  - 1.0.37: Updated all themes to correct way of working.
  - 1.0.36: Added Badge-counter and Tabs tokens to all themes.
  - 1.0.34 / 1.0.35: Rotterdam theme fix.
  - 1.0.33: Added Rotterdam theme.
  - 1.0.32: Added Pagination tokens for: Conduction, Dinkelland, Epe, Leiden, Noaberkracht, Noordwijk, Tubbergen and XXLLNC.
  - 1.0.31: Added surface tokens to all themes.
  - 1.0.30: Added Noaberkracht theme.
  - 1.0.29:
    - Added extra select tokens to all themes.
    - Updated table tokens in noordwijk theme.
    - Updated card-header tokens in epe theme.
  - 1.0.28: Fixed conduction-card-header tokens for epe theme.
  - 1.0.27:
    - Added conduction-card-header tokens in all themes.
    - Updated conduction-card-wrapper tokens in all themes.
  - 1.0.26:
    - Added Noordwijk theme.
    - Updated conduction-card-wrapper tokens in all themes.
  - 1.0.25:
    - Updated prefix of card tokens from `utrecht` to `conduction` in all themes.
    - Moved all custom tokens from Conduction directory to utrecht/extra-tokens directory.
    - Added readme to all themes.
  - 1.0.24:
    - Updated page tokens in all themes.
    - Updated list tokens in all themes.
    - Updated table tokens in all themes.
    - Updated card tokens in all themes.
  - 1.0.23: Added Epe theme.
  - 1.0.22: Updated footer and header logo's for xxllnc, Leiden and Dinkelland themes.
  - 1.0.21:
    - Added custom header and footer logo code to all themes.
    - Set custom icon code from Utrecht to Conduction directory in all themes.
    - Set custom textbox and form-input code from Utrecht to Conduction directory in all themes.
    - Set custom alert code from Utrecht to Conduction directory in all themes.
    - Fixed blockquote tokens not building for xxllnc and Leiden theme.
  - 1.0.20:
    - Set color tokens of all themes in ascending order.
    - Added Dinkelland theme.
  - 1.0.19:
    - Added build all command.
    - Removed unused dist folders.
  - 1.0.18:
    - Added gitingore.
    - Added Tubbergen theme.
  - 1.0.17:
    - Removed gitignore.
    - Fixed alert warning colors in xxllnc theme.
  - 1.0.16: Added Leiden theme as JSON format.
  - 1.0.15: Added Conduction theme as JSON format.
  - 1.0.14: Added xxllnc theme as JSON format.
  - 1.0.13: Added secondary button styling for all themes.
  - 1.0.12: Implemented Select Single styling in xxllnc and Leiden.
  - 1.0.11: Fixed typo and added page-content-background-color token to Conduction theme.
  - 1.0.10:
    - Added document-backgroundcolor to all themes.
    - Added buttonIconGap token to Conduction and Leiden themes.
    - Added formField, cards and Conduction overwrite tokens to Conduction and Leiden themes.
    - Added link-text-decoration tokens to xxllnc theme.
  - 1.0.9: Added buttonIconGap token to xxllnc theme.
  - 1.0.8: Added formField, cards and Conduction overwrite tokens to xxllnc theme.
  - 1.0.7: Added button tokens to all themes.
  - 1.0.6: Added xxllnc theme.
  - 1.0.5: Added page-max-inline size to Conduction theme.
  - 1.0.4: Added Leiden theme.
  - 1.0.3: Updated sizes.
  - 1.0.2: Added Aldritch font.
  - 1.0.1: Added Conduction theme.
